1624020
Cache cookies for browser authentication###Like conventional cookies, cache cookies are data objects that servers store in Web browsers. Cache cookies, however, are unintentional byproducts of protocol design for browser caches. They do not enjoy any explicit interface support or security policies. In this paper, we show that despite limitations, cache cookies can play a useful role in the identification and authentication of users. Many users today block conventional cookies in their browsers as a privacy measure. The cache-cookie tools we propose can help restore lost usability and convenience to such users while maintaining good privacy. As we show, our techniques can also help combat online security threats such as phishing and pharming that ordinary cookies cannot. The ideas we introduce for cache-cookie management can strengthen ordinary cookies as well. The full version of this paper may be referenced at www.ravenwhite.com
4717923
Experiments of running parallel auctions in an agent-based auction service###In this paper we discuss experimental results obtained with a prototype implementation of an agent-based service for generic auctions that is currently under development. We configured the service to allow parallel execution of multiple English auctions with buyer and seller agents bidding from different machines. The experimental results to assess the performance of the service include latency and throughput of the service as functions of the number of participants and the number of simultaneously active auctions.
5597095
Local Directional Pattern (LDP) &#150; A Robust Image Descriptor for Object Recognition###This paper presents a novel local feature descriptor, the Local Directional Pattern (LDP), for describing local image feature. A LDP feature is obtained by computing the edge response values in all eight directions at each pixel position and generating a code from the relative strength magnitude. Each bit of code sequence is determined by considering a local neighborhood hence becomes robust in noisy situation. A rotation invariant LDP code is also introduced which uses the direction of the most prominent edge response. Finally an image descriptor is formed to describe the image (or image region) by accumulating the occurrence of LDP feature over the whole input image (or image region). Experimental results on the Brodatz texture database show that LDP impressively outperforms the other commonly used dense descriptors (e.g.,Gabor-wavelet and LBP).
